Oh wine is red with a crystalline is a
key not so much time just proceed a good
distraction from on a coward and the on
the wine glass it Holmes a moderate is
low in either also here I'm going to
strike a good teardrops falling falling
slowly not so not so close each other
but overall a good complexity as Becky
21 and from the cholera see ruby red
which may be just a little bit of garnet
the monument not so not important the
phone DiNozzo um is really intense
really fully t even a bit of this flora
and dried by words and for the fruit ism
it meant something like raspberry
strawberry some many little bitter over
right not really perfectly ripened and
even some some other spicy notes so hope
you know it's like when he led cinema
and even a bit of anything so overall a
complex wine with a good intensity and
I'm from from the financer maybe it's
not so not of Thomas finance maybe did
the alcohol is a it makes a little bit
confusing of his maths
on a pallet it's a shows a good good
freshness we are choosing a young wine
from 2000 a retard in five in two
thousand six maybe and sorry thousand
five because it makes it a little bit of
a ready maybe agent and good this one is
a baby war money because of you can feel
a lot of alcohol in a Cell warm
sensation and there is dry with the
alcohol that laser beam a good role in
making me think make many fields his
wine and round ass moves and together
with a glittering it also good
extracting them facility can meet young
turn ins and outs would not velvety it
is modeled by maybe the time can can can
evolve in the moment is ready but maybe
we'll wait two or three more years for
with the affinity component and the
spicy or from the hope literally to come
together and complete each other and a
little in the amount about the same
moderate fine quality at the end he
knows it alone produced annuity really
long free to persist persistency and
hunger a good quality in mouth even but
this alkyl disturbing me a lot on a full
body winder modern balance that we need
agnes dominant it is in this moment and
and on a 100-point scale i would rate is
180 points with some points enable a
minute lesbian 240 for top or for the
wine okay so okay then for the as a
suggestion i will drive it something
like and maybe something like something
some gain map like a tiara maybe with
some
even Matt buzz / raspberry marmalade
something a bit more complicated and
Bautista leads with his freshness need
something that's costing cost consistent
to swallow and something up a lot of the
blue cigarettes so maybe he needs
courage sauce there is a for milk start
from